docs/index.md, before:

<h1 align='center'>
     ⭐️ Exploring the rules of the decision tree 🌲
</h1>
<p align='center'><a href="visualization.html"> Dynamic Visualization </a></pa

- **Big idea** -- Machine learning models are difficult to understand. 
- **Small idea** -- Specifically, in understanding large decision tree models, "How the rules affect the the entity" is not possible right now with complex models.
- **Birds eye view of the idea** --  We plan to undo the complexity of the large decision tree model and explain what it means to make for the rest of the entities.
- **Technical details** --  Train a complex dataset (NBI) simple machine learning model such as decision tree. Using graphs / networks understand the rules of the decision tree.

### 🎯 Objective

- The objective of this research study is to develop a method for explaining large decision rules and how it affects bridges. 
* We specifically try apply this technique on the National Bridge Inventory dataset.

### 💪 Challenge
- In the NBI dataset, it is a **challenge** to identify maintainance patterns and various factors that interact in explaining bridge performance and maintenance. Because, the use of `reconstruction_year` does not provide an valuable information about the type of repair or reconstruction done.

### 🧪 Solution
- To address this challenge we can use bridge intervention matrix, that utilizes the bridge intervention matrix for `deck` to identify various types of intervention depending on the probability of the transition.
- With large set of complicated rules, it is difficult to understand the interactions.
- We use explainable methods such as decision trees.
- Identify the commonality between the bridges by visualizing the rules between the trees.


### 🎬 Getting started

####  Clone

```zsh
git clone https://github.com/kaleoyster/decision-tree-viz.git
```

#### Run requirements.txt

```zsh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Run the decision tree model

```zsh
python3 src/decision_tree.py
```

#### Run http server 

```zsh
python -m http.server
```

#### View visualization

```zsh
Serving HTTP on :: port 8000 (http://[localhost]:8000/) ...
```

### 👉 Additional references

| Document      | Documentation type | Description |
| ------------- | ------------------ | ----------- |
| [Dataset](dataset.md) | Data | Contains collections of the files |
| [Quickstart](quickstart.md) | Concept | An overview and guide to setup this project |
| [Methodology](methodology.md) | Concept, Task | Simplest possible method of implementing your API |
| [Functions](functions.md) | Reference | List of references for the functions used|
| [Related Projects](related-projects.md) | Reference | List of projects related to this repository |

Commit message:

feat: added new results documentation

docs/index.md, after:

<h1 align='center'>
     ⭐️ Exploring the rules of the decision tree 🌲
</h1>
<p align='center'><a href="visualization.html"> Dynamic Visualization </a></pa

- **Big idea** -- Machine learning models are difficult to understand. 
- **Small idea** -- Specifically, in understanding large decision tree models, "How the rules affect the the entity" is not possible right now with complex models.
- **Birds eye view of the idea** --  We plan to undo the complexity of the large decision tree model and explain what it means to make for the rest of the entities.
- **Technical details** --  Train a complex dataset (NBI) simple machine learning model such as decision tree. Using graphs / networks understand the rules of the decision tree.

### 🎯 Objective

- The objective of this research study is to develop a method for explaining large decision rules and how it affects bridges. 
* We specifically try apply this technique on the National Bridge Inventory dataset.

### 💪 Challenge
- In the NBI dataset, it is a **challenge** to identify maintainance patterns and various factors that interact in explaining bridge performance and maintenance. Because, the use of `reconstruction_year` does not provide an valuable information about the type of repair or reconstruction done.

### 🧪 Solution
- To address this challenge we can use bridge intervention matrix, that utilizes the bridge intervention matrix for `deck` to identify various types of intervention depending on the probability of the transition.
- With large set of complicated rules, it is difficult to understand the interactions.
- We use explainable methods such as decision trees.
- Identify the commonality between the bridges by visualizing the rules between the trees.


### 🎬 Getting started

####  Clone

```zsh
git clone https://github.com/kaleoyster/decision-tree-viz.git
```

#### Run requirements.txt

```zsh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

#### Run the decision tree model

```zsh
python3 src/decision_tree.py
```

#### Run http server 

```zsh
python -m http.server
```

#### View visualization

```zsh
Serving HTTP on :: port 8000 (http://[localhost]:8000/) ...
```

### 👉 Additional references

| Document      | Documentation type | Description |
| ------------- | ------------------ | ----------- |
| [Dataset](dataset.md) | Data | Contains collections of the files |
| [Quickstart](quickstart.md) | Concept | An overview and guide to setup this project |
| [Methodology](methodology.md) | Concept, Task | Simplest possible method of implementing your API |
| [Results](results.md) | Concept, Task | An overview of results produced by the results |
| [Functions](functions.md) | Reference | List of references for the functions used|
| [Related Projects](related-projects.md) | Reference | List of projects related to this repository |
