docs/methodology.md, before:

<h1 align='center'>
Methodology 🧭
</h1>


![Methodology]()
<p center='align'> <b>Figure 1: Research methodology of the study</b></p>

## Data 

* **Source:** National Bridge Inventory
* **Timeline:** 1992 to 2021
* **State:** All U.S. states 🇺🇸
* 👉 [**Data acqusition and transformation**](https://github.com/kaleoyster/nbi/tree/b5fb41950ee0a44c1d8967a1a672c0e3ea47b07f)

## 🧪 Formulaization

### Definition of graphs
Formally, a graph is sets $(V, E)$, where:
- $V$ is a non-empty set whose elements are called $vertices$
- $E$ is a collection of two-element subsets of $V$ called $Edges$.

We use $A--B$ to denote an edge between vertices $A$ and $B$ rather than the set notation ${A, B}. Note that $A--B$ and $B--A$ are the same edge, just as ${A, B}$ and ${B, A}$ are the same set.

### Mathematical formulation


### Edge cases
1. Every node should be connected to at least with a link node. Because, every node comes from root node.
2. If there is a commonality between the nodes then there is a link.
3. There can not be duplicate links in a system.
## Similar techniques

###  Conceptual graph analysis
Developed by Grasser and Murachver in 1985 to get detailed knwoledge from computer science experts and found  away of representing it in a coherent fashion. There was a transformation of nodes an questions of the original method and have extended its application from information design to instructional design.j


#### Assumptions
1. Expert knowledge can be gained through structured and unstructured interview.
2. Expert knowledge can be graphed and labeled in a graph 

#### Steps
1. Clarify the uses of the graph information
2. Choose a set of situations for the expert to analyze
3. Construct a rough graph
4. Prepare a list of follow-up questions
5. Expand the graph
6. Review the final graph

#### Differences from the Network


## ⚙️  Brief overview of the algorithm


#### 💡 Conceptual overview of the essential actuarial functions
| Item           | Description                                                                                                    |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| $leave(x)$     | The number of bridges that leave the study at age $x$                                                          |
| $exposures(x)$ | The number of bridges in the study at age $x$                                                                  |
| $h(x)$         | Hazard rate age $x$. See equation 1                                                                            |
| $S(x)$         | Survival rate age $x$. See equation 2                                                                          |
| $F(x)$         | The mortality rate (or cumulative probability of failure) of bridges exposed at age 1 before reaching age $x$  |
| $_yP_1$        | Probability of survival at age $y$ for the next year. See Equation 5                                           |

#### ☁️  Probabilities
A period life table is baed on the mortality expeirence of a population during a relative short period of time. 

#### Validation
We validate the use of our functions by applying to publicly available data to match the resultant results.  we implemented on bridges to understand the life expectancy of the population used in the following reference [3].

## References
1. [Conceptual Graph Analysis - Brief introduction](https://slideplayer.com/slide/3741719/)

Commit message:

fix: Fixed deviations in the csv path files

docs/methodology.md, after:

<h1 align='center'>
Methodology 🧭
</h1>

![Methodology]()
<p center='align'> <b>Figure 1: Research methodology of the study</b></p>

## Data 

* **Source:** National Bridge Inventory
* **Timeline:** 1992 to 2021
* **State:** All U.S. states 🇺🇸
* 👉 [**Data acqusition and transformation**](https://github.com/kaleoyster/nbi/tree/b5fb41950ee0a44c1d8967a1a672c0e3ea47b07f)

## Data transformation

### Conversion of the decision tree to graph network
The following are the implemented steps used for transformation of the dataset. 

1. Conversion of decision tree rules from  for each sample
    - Serialization: Converting decision tree rules to csv files for each sample.
    - 

## 🧪 Formulaization / conversion of the decision - tree to nodes


### Definition of graphs
Formally, a graph is sets $(V, E)$, where [1]:
- $V$ is a non-empty set whose elements are called $vertices$
- $E$ is a collection of two-element subsets of $V$ called $Edges$.

We use $A--B$ to denote an edge between vertices $A$ and $B$ rather than the set notation ${A, B}. Note that $A--B$ and $B--A$ are the same edge, just as ${A, B}$ and ${B, A}$ are the same set.

### Mathematical formulation


### Edge cases
1. Every node should be connected to at least with a link node. Because, every node comes from root node.
2. If there is a commonality between the nodes then there is a link.
3. There can not be duplicate links in a system.
## Similar techniques

###  Conceptual graph analysis
Developed by Grasser and Murachver in 1985 to get detailed knwoledge from computer science experts and found  away of representing it in a coherent fashion. There was a transformation of nodes an questions of the original method and have extended its application from information design to instructional design.j


#### Assumptions
1. Expert knowledge can be gained through structured and unstructured interview.
2. Expert knowledge can be graphed and labeled in a graph 

#### Steps
1. Clarify the uses of the graph information
2. Choose a set of situations for the expert to analyze
3. Construct a rough graph
4. Prepare a list of follow-up questions
5. Expand the graph
6. Review the final graph

#### Differences from the Network


## ⚙️  Brief overview of the algorithm


#### 💡 Conceptual overview of the essential actuarial functions
| Item           | Description                                                                                                    |
| -------------- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| $leave(x)$     | The number of bridges that leave the study at age $x$                                                          |
| $exposures(x)$ | The number of bridges in the study at age $x$                                                                  |
| $h(x)$         | Hazard rate age $x$. See equation 1                                                                            |
| $S(x)$         | Survival rate age $x$. See equation 2                                                                          |
| $F(x)$         | The mortality rate (or cumulative probability of failure) of bridges exposed at age 1 before reaching age $x$  |
| $_yP_1$        | Probability of survival at age $y$ for the next year. See Equation 5                                           |

#### ☁️  Probabilities
A period life table is baed on the mortality expeirence of a population during a relative short period of time. 

#### Validation
We validate the use of our methodology by applying to publicly available data to match the resultant results.  The final version of this method was intended to understand the interaction between the bridges with respect to the attributes that lead to maintenance. 


## References
1. [Conceptual Graph Analysis - a brief introduction](https://slideplayer.com/slide/3741719/)
